this is a Thor News presentation for
news presents you're right sir asteroids
are close but bled times this video Oh
bypassed by the moon is a thing that you
see in the sky almost every single night
mr. zombie zombies don't notice the moon
zombies don't notice the Sun zombies
don't notice the star i'm announcing
that they found and announced so I'm 50
new planets it is huge like I just found
and announced so I'm 50 new planets yeah
you heard that right so I'm 50 new
planets so stop being sooo civilized
because it kind of means you don't give
a about the stone I'm not possible
possibly whatever but asteroids are
close to us asteroids are flying by all
crazy and they're just jokes is stuff
like rocks and metals and amino acids of
carbons and hydrates and silicates
imagined glowing stuff and then reverse
magic glowing stuff and anti reverse
magic glowing stuff then unicorn dust
powder made from their smiles plus lat
and symphonies waiting to sympathize 07
eyes rabbi now okay so i have own
personal YouTube channel ain't friends
our dogs together we like to make noise
about Celeste you happening they
blasting me with their Tesla Magikarp
god now I'm plasmid out into hey why
don't you play another somebody done
somebody
oh so these trees are beautiful they're
so tall and patient that's some cool
do that Atari arcade game
again come on you can do and then I can
quote the famous awesome special
especially I'll scientists with their
quotes are back is insane moon the moon
is a thing that you see in the sky
almost every single night